hello today let's talk
dif ex ex a device that we
comes from austria
so what is it about a species
of deflectors actually that has a shape
special that allows several things
on one hand it will eliminate the what we
call the bi my english to practice
species of treble bundles that comes
directly from the center of your top
speakers so we know we know there are
already devices that allow
block it but there it does not block and
once when it happens here except
aggressive frequencies are scattered
both on the sides and both in
height so it's very very
simply in front of the loudspeaker so
there we have an amp with a 12 inches
to send hop here
and hop for their place it's really
super simple just to center a
point of birth well in front of the duo
speaker is where we have the best
results
then there are two models there is this
model that is first edition with
the red part
and then a more transparent model that
is called aura that does not have the part
red then this red part
it only serves that when
you come very close to your amp and
that you just adjust the sound the sound
go up to you budding
when I put myself like that in the process of
adjust my sound and thanks to the part
red who's here I'm going to have
exactly the same sound as the one that
are going to have people around
the antique on the will have on his wishes
the transparent version which is less
expensive
we do not have this part but hey we have
on the other hand all the profit
of the rest ie this diffusion to
both sides at once author
which makes that when you're on stage
you are completely surrounded with votes
are and you do not have any difference
living within 3 m
three to five meters from all sides of
the amp be it front on the sides
you have no difference in his this
which is interesting too is that
see your drummer for example if he is
arranged in relation to the amp like that
there is no need to put the amp
behind him for him to hear you he
will you hear that way because
that part of the sound can be brought back
towards him
so I summarize that first interest that
is to avoid aggression throes
for the public knew famous syndrome
when you're playing and
then strangely there is nobody in front
from you they are all on the side because
that they just take a little
too much in the head so that you can
forget it
the second thing you can
forget also it is the the engineer of the
its that makes you to drops or all
built the other way because
thanks to that in fact you're going from the friend
sound engineers and then and then the
third benefit so for you on
stage or even at home for that matter
that you can move around
your amp and have a constant sound
so we'll do some sounds
with my friend loïc 1 to show you a
little everything that this device the 10 flex
can you bring
so I recorded a very magnifying glass
very simple on the said aulas and I'm going
the momentum and first the week goes
keep the microphone right in front of the
loudspeaker center so where
normally
we have the famous bim the famous excess
high frequencies I push a little too
the treble on the on the amp story
we hear them
here we go
bah
Oh
years
so as you can see already the
people who are in front of your amp do not
are not going to take those frequencies very
aggressive in the face and on the other hand
so what we will see now is
that the sound that does not go forward
and distributed both on the sides and
above
ah ah
and
hahaha
ah ah
not
here you have seen all the
benefits of the ex dif then what he
be aware that it is useful too
on stage and at home in
studio then in studio there is still
many other things we can do
with the micro positions and that's
well there we are not equipped so we
avoid but know that in the studio too
it's very usable and finally know
that these facts in a matter that
which is also the portholes
plane so it's almost unbreakable
the proof we can go there you see I
I do not clean it I'm downright
standing on it and it's not happening that
do not break so that's it's more
super super solid good must say these
Austrians and Austrians
Germans we know what it is
the good cam and on that I greet you
well